com/petclinic/selenium/seleniumtest/vets/VetsUpdateSeleniumTest.java
 com.petclinic.selenium.seleniumtest.vets.VetsUpdateSeleniumTest
com/petclinic/selenium/seleniumtest/cust/CustPetDeleteSeleniumTest.java
 com.petclinic.selenium.seleniumtest.cust.CustPetDeleteSeleniumTest
com/petclinic/selenium/seleniumtest/vets/VetsAvailabilityTest.java
 com.petclinic.selenium.seleniumtest.vets.VetsAvailabilityTest
com/petclinic/selenium/seleniumtest/auth/registrationSeleniumTest.java
 com.petclinic.selenium.seleniumtest.auth.registrationSeleniumTest
com/petclinic/selenium/SeleniumLoginTestHelperTest.java
 com.petclinic.selenium.SeleniumLoginTestHelperTest
com/petclinic/selenium/seleniumtest/visit/UpdateVisitSeleniumTest.java
 com.petclinic.selenium.seleniumtest.visit.UpdateVisitSeleniumTest
com/petclinic/selenium/seleniumtest/visit/CreateVisitSeleniumTest.java
 com.petclinic.selenium.seleniumtest.visit.CreateVisitSeleniumTest
com/petclinic/selenium/seleniumtest/visit/CancelVisitSeleniumTest.java
 com.petclinic.selenium.seleniumtest.visit.CancelVisitSeleniumTest
com/petclinic/selenium/SeleniumLoginTestHelper.java
 com.petclinic.selenium.SeleniumLoginTestHelper
com/petclinic/selenium/seleniumtest/vets/VetsCreateSeleniumTest.java
 com.petclinic.selenium.seleniumtest.vets.VetsCreateSeleniumTest
com/petclinic/selenium/seleniumbillingservicetest/SeleniumBillingServiceTest.java
 com.petclinic.selenium.seleniumbillingservicetest.SeleniumBillingServiceTest
com/petclinic/selenium/seleniumtest/vets/VetsFilterSeleniumTest.java
 com.petclinic.selenium.seleniumtest.vets.VetsFilterSeleniumTest
com/petclinic/selenium/seleniumtest/SeleniumDemoTest.java
 com.petclinic.selenium.seleniumtest.SeleniumDemoTest
com/petclinic/selenium/seleniumtest/cust/CustOwnerUpdateSeleniumTest.java
 com.petclinic.selenium.seleniumtest.cust.CustOwnerUpdateSeleniumTest
com/petclinic/selenium/seleniumtest/auth/loginSeleniumTest.java
 com.petclinic.selenium.seleniumtest.auth.loginSeleniumTest
com/petclinic/selenium/seleniumtest/visit/DeleteVisitSeleniumTest.java
 com.petclinic.selenium.seleniumtest.visit.DeleteVisitSeleniumTest
com/petclinic/selenium/seleniumtest/cust/CustOwnerCreateSeleniumTest.java
 com.petclinic.selenium.seleniumtest.cust.CustOwnerCreateSeleniumTest
com/petclinic/selenium/seleniumtest/vets/VetsZDeleteSeleniumTest.java
 com.petclinic.selenium.seleniumtest.vets.VetsZDeleteSeleniumTest
com/petclinic/selenium/seleniumtest/vets/VetSeleniumVetModalUITest.java
 com.petclinic.selenium.seleniumtest.vets.VetSeleniumVetModalUITest
com/petclinic/selenium/seleniumtest/vets/VetSeleniumTableResponsivenessTest.java
 com.petclinic.selenium.seleniumtest.vets.VetSeleniumTableResponsivenessTest
com/petclinic/selenium/seleniumtest/vets/VetsDetailSeleniumTest.java
 com.petclinic.selenium.seleniumtest.vets.VetsDetailSeleniumTest
com/petclinic/selenium/seleniumtest/cust/CustSeleniumExceptionsTest.java
 com.petclinic.selenium.seleniumtest.cust.CustSeleniumExceptionsTest
com/petclinic/selenium/seleniumtest/cust/CustDeleteOwnerSeleniumTest.java
 com.petclinic.selenium.seleniumtest.cust.CustDeleteOwnerSeleniumTest
com/petclinic/selenium/seleniumtest/visit/CalendarUIVisitSeleniumTest.java
 com.petclinic.selenium.seleniumtest.visit.CalendarUIVisitSeleniumTest
com/petclinic/selenium/seleniumtest/cust/CustCreatePetSeleniumTest.java
 com.petclinic.selenium.seleniumtest.cust.CustCreatePetSeleniumTest
